docs: document data sources and external services (#2457)
google/osv-scanner: README.md

## Data Sources and Privacy

OSV-Scanner communicates with the following external services during operation:

### [OSV.dev API](https://osv.dev/)

The primary data source for vulnerability information. OSV-Scanner queries this API to check packages for known vulnerabilities and to identify vendored C/C++ dependencies. Data sent includes package names, versions, ecosystems, and file hashes. Use `--offline` mode to disable network requests and scan against a local database instead.

### [deps.dev API](https://docs.deps.dev/api/)

Used for supplementary package information:

- **Dependency resolution**: Resolves dependency graphs for vulnerability scanning and remediation
- **Container image scanning**: Queries container image metadata for vulnerability detection
- **License scanning** (`--licenses` flag): Retrieves license information for packages
- **Package deprecation**: Checks if packages are deprecated

Data sent includes package names, versions, and ecosystems. No source code is transmitted.

### Package Registries

> When using native registry resolution (instead of deps.dev), OSV-Scanner may query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using native registry for dependency resolution (instead of deps.dev), OSV-Scanner may query:
```

<img src="https://google.github.io/osv-scanner/images/guided-remediation-relock-patches.png" alt="Screenshot of the interactive relock results screen with some relaxation patches selected">

## Data Sources and Privacy

OSV-Scanner communicates with the following external services during operation:

> ### [OSV.dev API](https://osv.dev/)

Reviewer: There are other OSV.dev endpoints that we use (e.g. `v1/vulns`), however for other data sources the doc is not mentioning specific endpoint so probably we don't need to be this specific for osv.dev neither. Instead, explain the purpose is good enough.

| Endpoint               | Purpose                              | Data Sent                           | Data Received                                            |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `/v1/querybatch`       | Query vulnerabilities for packages   | Package names, versions, ecosystems | Vulnerability details (IDs, severity, affected versions) |
| `/v1/determineversion` | Identify vendored C/C++ dependencies | File hashes from repository         | Estimated package version and commit                     |

This is the primary data source for vulnerability information. Use `--offline` mode to disable network requests and scan against a local database instead.

### [deps.dev API](https://docs.deps.dev/api/)

Used for supplementary package information:

- **License scanning** (`--licenses` flag): Retrieves license information for packages

> - **Guided remediation**: Resolves dependency graphs for vulnerability remediation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Dependency resolution**: Resolves dependency graphs for vulnerability scanning and remediation
```

- **Package deprecation**: Checks if packages are deprecated

Data sent includes package names, versions, and ecosystems. No source code is transmitted.

> ### Package Registries

Reviewer: Probably mention PyPI registry as well, and probably no need to mention private registries.
